Amd feature update (#157)
griffithlab/civic-docs: docs/model/features/fvpairs.rst

Feature-Variant Pairs
=====================

> Feature-Variant pairs are a basic unit in CIViC, which consist of a Feature and Variant, which associate naturally, such as BRAF V600E, or BCR::ABL1 Fusion. When Feature-Variant pairs are shown in the CIViC user interface, each entity is clickable, and will bring the use to the respective Feature or Variant which was clicked. The Variant in a Feature-Variant pair is associated exclusively to the given Feature, but the Feature may be associated to more than one Variant (there are no limitations on how many Variants a Feature can have, for instance BRAF can have arbitrarily many Variants associated to it. Examples of Feature-Variant pairs in CIViC are shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature-Variant pairs are a basic unit in CIViC, which consist of a Feature and Variant, which associate naturally, such as BRAF V600E, or BCR::ABL1 Fusion. When Feature-Variant pairs are shown in the CIViC user interface, each entity is clickable, and will bring the user to the respective Feature or Variant which was clicked. The Variant in a Feature-Variant pair is associated exclusively to the given Feature, but the Feature may be associated to more than one Variant. In fact, there are no limitations on how many Variants a Feature can have. For instance, a gene like BRAF might have dozens or hundreds of Variants associated to it. Examples of Feature-Variant pairs in CIViC are shown below.

```

.. thumbnail:: /images/figures/Feat_dataM4.png
   :alt: Screenshot of an A-level (validated) evidence item summary
   :title: Figure 1: Screenshot of an A-level (validated) evidence item summary

>    :show_caption: True

Reviewer: See comments above about alt/title text not matching the figure content
